# Three Phase induction motor braking techniques
A simulink project to compare the performance of different types of braking in three-phase asynchronous machine
Braking has always been one of the most important concern in electrodynamics machine system. In electrodynamics machine system, the application of asynchronous machine is extensive, like that of an Induction motor. Induction motors are used in many industrial production processes because of their low cost, high reliability, robustness and efficiency. Thus it is of great significance to research braking of asynchronous machine deeply. A very important requirement is for the motor to be able to be quickly stopped and maintained at a standstill condition. This also ensures safety to machine and people in case of a fault. Thus good braking techniques are needed which are able to efficiently remove the kinetic energy of the rotor. Motors are often used to run high inertia machines, quick retardation of which needs highly effective braking techniques. Development of braking systems for three phase induction motors has been a subject of continuous study over the years . The various electrical braking methods for three-phase asynchronous machine are: regenerative braking, Plugging and DC dynamic braking.

Simulink models for all the braking techniques mentioned above were developed and analyzed & their performances were compared. All the model were realized and the waveforms for voltage, current, speed and toque are obtained.
